# Questions
Results of the angles are nat stable, affected by the choice of the parameters of RANSAC

Even though the average distance of the vertices and the plane generated by least square is low, the angles that measured among these planes are far from the right value

How to deal with the .bag file

How to make the process of choosing a critical area (zone d'intérêt) autonomous, if it is necessary?

Solved : How to maximise the score of the plane (find a plane that contains the most of the points in the critical area) : Generate planes from the points or minimise the error function (choose the error function)

Solved : Dataprocessing : How to define a critical area 

Solved : Compression algorithm of the .ply, or ply to other format

Solved : The position of the camera : next to the road to detect the track-form deformation of the road 

# Daily log
##16/04/2021
Modifying the layout of the codes and adding commentaries.

Doing more tests with different parameters on the RANSAC method.

##15/04/2021
Testing the algorithm upon another dataset(cabinet-shredder-floor), angles formed by planes LS methods are not good. Part of the angles from RANSAC are not good.

Need to study how to determine the parameters passed to the RANSAC method

##14/04/2021
Finished 2 fitting functions points -> plane. One use least square method and the other use RANSAC. (Benchmark for these methods may be interesting)

Tests are added

##13/04/2021
Implementing functions which fit a group of points into a plane, using goNum library

Modification in  the structure : Now all data is handled in float64, except for the reading function. There was a mixture of float32 and float64 which make it difficult to use the goNum library.

##12/04/2021
Bug identified : Having use the same test_file but the data structure is different : there is a rgb data coming after each xyz float data so we should add a switch case to the oroginal test_file.

Bug resulved. Origine : Data alignment, reading 3 float32 + 3 uint8, all data occupy 15 bytes in the file but the Go will regard it as 16 bytes due to alignment

Implement a function which calculates how many pixels will an object occupy in the image, given that object's size in one dimension and its distance to the camera.

##09/04/2021
Finishing the Reader and writer functions for the binary format

##08/04/2021
Changing the data structure to use the original PlyElement structure instead of the other self-fabricated one, thus the functions composing the Reader should also be modified

##07/04/2021
Having built another ply_unsafe.go which is parallel to the plyfile.go, containing all unsafe functions, with the help of JeanMichel. All of the original functions are moved, to these two files and the codes inside modified.

##06/04/2021
Finishing the fully automatic head parser. Start working on the data reader. It is difficult to handle the data since I need to make the new library compatible with the old test file

##02/04/2021
Redefine the property-element-file data structure and working on the head parser

##01/04/2021
Start building a new library to replace the plyfile, without binded to C

##31/03/2021
Working on the data processor, function realised : whether points from a critical area belong to a plane generated from 3 random points 

##30/03/2021
Working on the data processor, function realised : whether a point in the .ply file belongs to a given plane. Several tests are done

##29/03/2021
Finishing the data reader

##26/03/2021 
Starting to build a data reader in Golang which reads data generated by a Intel Realsense Lidar

##25/03/2021
Had a meeting with the tutor and a colleague, deciding the next step of the work : fitting the generated dot cloud points into planes

##24/03/2021
datasaving : parameters by commandline added, now support taking a number of pictures with the given interval

##23/03/2021
GO IN ACTION learning chapter7 parallelism with example programs in concurrency

##22/03/2021
GO IN ACTION learning chapter6 parallelism with Goroutine

##18/03/2021
GO IN ACTION learning chapter3, 4, 5

##17/03/2021
Paper reading CCRSSEA, general knowledge of P/NP taxonomy and halting problem

##15/03/2021, 16/03/2021
Functions implemented : Saving one frame / a video of a given period of time, using C++ and the realsense2API
Studied : Basic notions of dotcloud
###The importance of data compression :
Uncompressed dotcloud = 6 Mb / frame
Uncompressed video = 50 Mb / second
##12/03/2012
Configuration of the realsense2 API